In terms of rhetoric struggles, I had difficulty selecting a color scheme to
correctly complement the intended message. Since the rhetoric of this project is
largely hypothetical, I had to remove myself from the efficiency that I would
normally focus on as a computer science major and focus on more design elements than
I normally would. I chose a serif font and organized the elements of the website
in a more visually appealing way rather than keeping the site purely organized
and efficient like I normally would.

When it came to technological struggles, most of these came in the form of
learning HTML and CSS. The process of learning the organization and syntax of
HTML was very familiar, since it was very similar to the process of learning
other programming languages like Python or Java. CSS on the other hand was a bit
more unfamiliar. I have not dealt with user interfaces very often, so learning
this was difficult but will likely prove to be quite useful. Issues involving
the differences between inline and block elements, as well as the specific
syntax of organizing elements into universal segments within the CSS code were
recurring obstacles that needed to be overcome. The greatest hurdle of all in
the process of assembling the site was putting together the navigation bars.
It took many Google searches and much troubleshooting for me to understand the
process of turning an unordered list of links into a set of "buttons" for the
user to more cleanly interface with. I also decided to change the text on the
navigation bar from "Soundscape" and "Visual Argument" to "Sound" and "Visual"
respectively in order to ensure that the bar doesn't format incorrectly on
mobile devices with smaller screens.
